Improve description of write amp in storage engine (#19535)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v25.1/architecture/storage-layer.md

<a name="write-amplification"></a>

> _Write amplification_ measures the volume of data written to disk, relative to the volume of data logically committed to the storage engine. If you commit a value to the storage engine, CockroachDB writes it once to the [write-ahead log (WAL)](#memtable-and-write-ahead-log). Then it is written again when CockroachDB flushes it to an [SSTable](#ssts). Then CockroachDB will write it several additional times as a part of [compactions](#compaction) over the lifetime of the value. Most write amplification (and write bandwidth more broadly) originates from compactions. This is a tradeoff, since if the storage engine doesn't perform compactions often enough, the size of [L0](#lsm-levels) will get too large, and an inverted LSM will result, which also has ill effects. By contrast, writes to the WAL are a small fraction of a [store]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroach-start.md %}#store)'s overall write bandwidth and IOPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Write amplification_ measures the volume of data written to disk, relative to the volume of data logically committed to the storage engine. When a value is committed to the storage engine, CockroachDB writes it once to the [write-ahead log (WAL)](#memtable-and-write-ahead-log). CockroachDB writes the value again when flushing it to an [SSTable](#ssts). CockroachDB subsequently writes the value multiple times as part of [compactions](#compaction) over the lifetime of the value. Most write amplification, and write bandwidth more broadly, originates from compactions. This is a necessary tradeoff, because if the storage engine performs too few compactions, the size of [L0](#lsm-levels) will get too large and an inverted LSM will result, which also has ill effects. In contrast, writes to the WAL are a small fraction of a [store]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroach-start.md %}#store)'s overall write bandwidth and IOPs.
```

Author: this is great thanks @taroface !  updated my local copy with this version in `Update based on taroface feedback (1)` and am backporting to all supported versions v23.1+ now
